.\" Hey, Emacs!  This is an -*- nroff -*- source file.
.TH getstyle 1x "January 1999"
.SH NAME
getstyle \- dumps the current Window Maker style related configuration or
creates a theme pack.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B getstyle
[[\-t|\-\-theme-options] [\-p|\-\-pack] [style file]]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B getstyle
can either dump the current Window Maker style related configuration
information to a file/stdout or create a self-contained theme pack. A theme
pack is a directory that contains everything that is needed by a
redistributable theme, includig the style information and pixmaps used by it.

Note that style information stored in the global configuration of the
system is not read.

The following options are stored by default: \fITitleJustify\fP,
\fIClipTitleFont\fP, \fIWindowTitleFont\fP, \fIMenuTitleFont\fP,
\fIMenuTextFont\fP, \fIIconTitleFont\fP, \fIDisplayFont\fP,
\fILargeDisplayFont\fP, \fIHighlightColor\fP, \fIHighlightTextColor\fP,
\fIClipTitleColor\fP, \fICClipTitleColor\fP, \fIFTitleColor\fP,
\fIPTitleColor\fP, \fIUTitleColor\fP, \fIFTitleBack\fP,
\fIPTitleBack\fP, \fIUTitleBack\fP, \fIResizebarBack\fP,
\fIMenuTitleColor\fP, \fIMenuTextColor\fP, \fIMenuDisabledColor\fP,
\fIMenuTitleBack\fP, \fIMenuTextBack\fP, \fIIconBack\fP,
\fIIconTitleColor\fP, \fIIconTitleBack\fP, \fIFrameBorderWidth\fP,
\fIFrameBorderColor\fP, \fIFrameSelectedBorderColor\fP,
\fIMenuStyle\fP, \fIWindowTitleExtendSpace\fP,
\fIMenuTitleExtendSpace\fP, and \fIMenuTextExtendSpace\fP.

If either \fB-t\fP or \fB--theme-options\fP is specified, in addition
to the previous options, \fIWorkspaceBack\fP is \fIalso\fP stored,
along with any user-definable mouse cursor settings
(\fINormalCursor\fP, \fIArrowCursor\fP, \fIMoveCursor\fP,
\fIResizeCursor\fP,
\fITopLeftResizeCursor\fP, \fITopRightResizeCursor\fP,
\fIBottomLeftResizeCursor\fP, \fIBottomRightResizeCursor\fP,
\fIVerticalResizeCursor\fP, \fIHorizontalResizeCursor\fP,
\fIWaitCursor\fP, \fIQuestionCursor\fP, \fITextCursor\fP,
\fISelectCursor\fP) that are present.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-t
dumps theme related information too, which includes the root background
texture.  This option is always enabled when the \-p option is used.
.TP
.B \-p
creates a theme pack in the directory named by the theme name appended
with the .themed suffix.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP GNUSTEP_USER_ROOT
specifies the initial path for the Defaults directory. "Defaults/" is
appended to this variable to determine the actual location of the
databases. If the varialbe is not set, it defaults to "~/GNUstep"
.SH FILES
.IP GNUSTEP_USER_ROOT/Defaults/WindowMaker
This is the actual file that gets written.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR setstyle (1x),
.BR wmaker (1x)
.SH AUTHOR
This man page was written by Marcelo Magallon <mmagallo@debian.org>.
.PP
Window Maker was written by Alfredo K. Kojima <kojima@windowmaker.info>.
