.\" Hey, Emacs!  This is an -*- nroff -*- source file.
.TH setstyle 1x "January 1999"
.SH NAME
setstyle \- set style related options for Window Maker or loads a theme
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B setstyle
.I "[--no-fonts] [--no-cursors] [--help] [--version]"
.I stylefile
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B setstyle
reads
.I stylefile
and writes its contents to the WindowMaker domain, efectively setting
the Window Maker style. If the supplied path is a directory, it will
be treated as a theme pack and it will be loaded appropriately. If the
\fB\-\-no\-fonts\fP flag is specified, font related options
(\fIIconTitleFont\fP, \fIClipTitleFont\fP, \fIDisplayFont\fP,
\fIMenuTextFont\fP, \fIMenuTitleFont\fP, \fIWindowTitleFont\fP) in the
style file will be ignored.

If the \fB\-\-no\-cursors\fP flag is specified, any mouse cursor
definitions (\fINormalCursor\fP, \fIArrowCursor\fP, \fIMoveCursor\fP,
\fITopLeftResizeCursor\fP, \fITopRightResizeCursor\fP,
\fIBottomLeftResizeCursor\fP, \fIBottomRightResizeCursor\fP, 
\fIVerticalResizeCursor\fP, \fIHorizontalResizeCursor\fP, 
\fIWaitCursor\fP, \fIQuestionCursor\fP, \fITextCursor\fP, 
\fISelectCursor\fP) in the style or theme will be ignored.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-no\-fonts
ignore font related options in style file.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-cursors
ignore cursor definition options in style file.
.TP
.B \-\-help
print a help message
.TP
.B \-\-version
print version number
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP GNUSTEP_USER_ROOT
specifies the initial path for the Defaults directory. "Defaults/" is
appended to this variable to determine the actual location of the
databases. If the varialbe is not set, it defaults to "~/GNUstep"
.SH FILES
.IP GNUSTEP_USER_ROOT/Defaults/WindowMaker
This is the actual file that's written.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR getstyle (1x),
.BR wmaker (1x)
.SH AUTHOR
This man page was written by Marcelo Magallon <mmagallo@debian.org>.
.PP
Window Maker was written by Alfredo K. Kojima <kojima@windowmaker.info>.
