.TH wcopy,wpaste 1 04/09/01
.UC 4
.SH NAME
wcopy \- copy stdin to an X11 cut buffer
wpaste \- paste X11 cut buffer to stdout
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wcopy [ [0-9]... ] [wxcopy's normal args]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBwcopy\fP reads from standard input and copies it to the nominated
X11 cut buffers.
The default is the first cut buffer.
.PP
\fBwpaste\fP pastes the nominated X11 cut buffers(s)
to standard output.
The default is the first cut buffer.
.PP
Note that the cut buffers are numbered starting from 0.
.PP
Simple integer arguments pick a cut-buffer.
.PP
For \fBwcopy\fP, 
the argument number picks a cut-buffer to copy the standard input to.
(Subsequent copies are taken from the first nominated buffer \-
it does not try to re-read the input!))
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP 1.5i
.B echo fred | wcopy 1 2
This puts the word "fred" into the 2nd and 3rd cut-buffers.
.TP 1.5i
.B wpaste | tr "A-Z" "a-z" | wcopy 1
This copies the clipboard then translates all upper case letters to lower in
the 1st
cut buffer and copies the result into the 2nd.
.TP 1.5i
.B wpaste 0 | fmt -w 66 | sed 's/^/> /' | wcopy 1
This reformats the clipboard to paragraphs with lines no longer than 66
characters, inserts typical email quoting characters, and copies the
output to the 2nd cut-buffer.
.TP 1.5i
.B wpaste | sed 's/^> *//' | wcopy
This removes email quotes from the start of lines in the clipboard
and replaces the clipboard with the un-quoted material.
.TP 1.5i
.B wpaste > ~/.myclipboard
Copies the clipboard into a location where it can be pixked up from other
computers (e.g. even from a Windows machine) \- as per the file permissions
you choose for the ".myclipboard" file.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
If WXCOPY_DEFS or WXPASTE_DEFS are defined in your environment,
they will always be provided as the first argument(s) to the
respective underlying command.
.SH BUGS
Don't use "-cutbuffer N" notation as per wxcopy/wxpaste:
stick to just using the plain unadorned number(s) that wcopy/wpaste expect.
.SH SEE ALSO
wxcopy(1), wxpaste(1), xcb(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Luke Kendall
