.\" Hey, Emacs!  This is an -*- nroff -*- source file.
.TH wmsetbg 1x "January 1999"
.SH NAME
wmsetbg \- sets the background on the X11 display
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wmsetbg
[-display] [--version] [--help] [{-b|--back-color} \fIcolor\fP]
[{-t|--tile}|{-e|--center}|{-s|--scale}|{-a|--maxscale} \fIimage\fP]
[{-d|--dither}|{-m|--match}] [-u|--update-wmaker]
[{-D|--update-domain} \fIdomain\fP] [{-c|--colors} \fIcpc\fP]
[{-p|--parse} \fItexture\fP] [{-w|--workspace} \fIworkspace\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B wmsetbg
reads the specified
.I image
(XPM, PNG, jpeg, Tiff, raw PPM) and puts it on the root window. It can
either scale the image or tile it to make it fit the root
window. Window Maker uses this command internally to set the root
window image on start up.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -a|--maxscale
scales the specified \fIimage\fP preserving its aspect ratio
.TP
.B -b|--back-color
the specified \fIcolor\fP is used as the background color for the
\fItexture\fP.  Window Maker temporarely sets the background to this
color while loading and processing the texture.  You can specify colors
using their X11 names or as an RGB tiplet (either as "rgb:RR/GG/BB" or
"#RRGGBB") (reference to appropiate manpage should be here).  In the
later case \fIcolor\fB is a quoted string.
.TP
.B -e|--center
centers the specified \fIimage\fP
.TP
.B -t|--tile
tiles the specified \fIimage\fP
.TP
.B -s|--scale
scales the specified \fIimage\fP (default)
.TP
.B -d|--dither
dithers colors
.TP
.B -m|--match
matches colors
.TP
.B -u|--update-wmaker
updates the Window Maker defaults database
.TP
.B -D|--update-domain
updates the specifed \fIdomain\fP database
.TP
.B -c|--colors
colors per channel to use
.TP
.B -p|--parse
parses the specified \fItexture\fP as a \fIproplist style texture\fP
.TP
.B -w|--workspace
update background only for the specified \fIworkspace\fP
.TP
.B \-\-help
print a help message
.TP
.B \-\-version
print version number
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR wmaker (1x)
.SH AUTHOR
This man page was written by Marcelo Magallon <mmagallo@debian.org>.
.PP
Window Maker was written by Alfredo K. Kojima <kojima@windowmaker.org>.
wmsetbg was written by Dan Pascu <dan@windowmaker.org>

